hey TJ and see 21 here is my finished
house I have a little farm here I had it
so I animals would drop down into the
farm and they couldn't get back out but
if you leave them they respawn somewhere
else this is my finished house I'll show
you from up here show you from atop the
animal spawner here it is our animal
farm sorry completed it has two stories
got a couple of double doors on the
front got my stuff here chest I have a
furnace workbench up the stairs we have
a pretty nice big sunroof and glass all
around I'm thinking about putting some
more stuff in here well I like that
mount I don't know if you guys can see
that there's a big mountain in the
distance and it's really huge you want
to go check it out now I'll do it on
video why don't I know because I died in
the cave that's right we'll just take
some of my stuff 5 torches I'll bring
some more coal with me need that many
sticks I'll take eight no I'll take five
five each
I just that's all I need my respawn my
recent one point it's um I was ACTU
miscalculated it's like I thought it was
in my house to stick right here next to
my house so it's pretty hey I found out
that that monster spawner that I found
in that dungeon I turned the monsters
back on I took it off peaceful mode
turns out it's a zombie spawner whoa
cave wait there's nothing in there maybe
it does I don't want to explore it I
want to go up the mountain Hey well that
looks cool from far away we're close to
the top I think as it goes on on the
other side lag
well
all right getting close it's not above
the clouds but it is pretty high up wow
that's it wait a second crouch with
Shift + inch forward slowly that way you
cannot actually go off unless you let go
of shift I'm holding down shift now I
don't want to fall that looks kind of
steep that would kill me oh boo tree so
the actual highest point on this
mountain think is this tree look at
those in the distance there's way more
wow I can't wait to explore this world I
hope I don't get lost though sneak all
this one more level of see if I like
here if I'm sneaking off to the edge and
I'd like oo shift I fall that a happy
face tree that's cool alright um in the
comments whoever wants me to jump off
the cliff thumbs the video up and
whoever doesn't thumbs down alright just
see I don't want to call it death
mountain because that's what ex named
his mountain if you don't know who X is
he's um he he met he does walk through
some video games to he made a
walkthrough of Minecraft all right yep
thumbs up if you want me to jump thumbs
down if you don't and I'll make another
video later you know depending on what
you guys want me to do see ya thanks for
watching